README.md, before:

# independent:

_An independent study with professor Zevensuy Rodriguez_. Some of the projects
here:

- [x] Processing High Striker
- [ ] Processing Leap Motion (_Coming Soon_)

## Processing High Striker

You know the game where you hit a lever with a hammer and the puck shoots up
and (depending on how strong you are) hits a bell? This is the digital
version, based on audio, and it takes so many different forms:

- Classic: simple puck and bell game.
- Ballpit: loud sounds trigger a wave of motion in a ballpit.
- Balloon: loud sounds fire up a fan which pushes a balloon towards a tac.
- Coulomb: balls are attracted to a point and deflect each other with charge.
- Cliff: a guy is tightroping between two cliffs. Knock him off the rope with loud sounds and watch him bounce up high

Check out each of the sub-directories for an in depth explanation of the cool
things that built each project.

Samples:

<img src="assets/balloon_striker.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="assets/ballpit_striker.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="assets/cliff_striker.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="assets/coulomb_striker.jpeg" width="200">

## Augmented Reality

In every Iron Man movie, Tony Stark has some cool home computer system that
reacts to his every work and movement.

<img src="assets/iron_man_2_holographics.jpg" width=500>

While that may look a bit futuristic
and farfetched, the reality is that it's pretty close to existance.

The Microsoft Hololens brings dreams like that to life. It allows you to 'project' holograms onto the world around you.

<img src="assets/hololens.jpg" width="600">

Commit message:

Update the second half project

README.md, after:

# independent:

_An independent study with professor Zevensuy Rodriguez_. Some of the projects
here:

- [x] Processing High Striker
- [x] Unity & the Leap Motion

## Processing High Striker

You know the game where you hit a lever with a hammer and the puck shoots up
and (depending on how strong you are) hits a bell? This is the digital
version, based on audio, and it takes so many different forms:

- Classic: simple puck and bell game.
- Ballpit: loud sounds trigger a wave of motion in a ballpit.
- Balloon: loud sounds fire up a fan which pushes a balloon towards a tac.
- Coulomb: balls are attracted to a point and deflect each other with charge.
- Cliff: a guy is tightroping between two cliffs. Knock him off the rope with loud sounds and watch him bounce up high

Check out each of the sub-directories for an in depth explanation of the cool
things that built each project.

Samples:

<img src="assets/balloon_striker.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="assets/ballpit_striker.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="assets/cliff_striker.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="assets/coulomb_striker.jpeg" width="200">

## Leap Motion

In every Iron Man movie, Tony Stark has some cool home computer system that
reacts to his every work and movement.

<img src="assets/iron_man_2_holographics.jpg" width=500>

While that may look a bit futuristic
and farfetched, the reality is that it's pretty close to existance.

The Leap Motion is a device that tracks the positions of your hands, allowing you to do some pretty cool stuff.
You can pick up and move around objects, interact with a virtual world, and even draw in 3D.
That last one interested me, so I set about setting it up with one draw-back: I don't have a VR headset.
It seemed to me that most of the world doesn't own a VR headset, so why only make a drawing app for those who do?
In a very straight-forward way, that's exactly what this project does. It allows you to draw with your hands in a 3D world.
Check out `doc.md` to see how I did it.

<img src="assets/in_game.png"/>
